I believe it's summertime so I'm gonna
make some hot diggety corndogs what
we'll need is a package of hot dogs and
you can use any kind of hot dogs that
you like you can use all beef I'm just
gonna use the regular hot dogs cuz there
there are only 99 cents what we'll need
to do is open this package up and then
place the hot dogs into the microwave
and I'm going to use my defrost button
on my microwave and defrost these for
four minutes because I want to bring
them to room temperature while my hot
guys are in the microwave I'm going to
make some homemade buttermilk and to do
that you'll need some milk and some
apple cider vinegar comes in a bottle
like this then just take the apple cider
vinegar and pour it into the milk take a
spoon I'll stir it and that's it we're
gonna let it sit for five minutes and
then we'll have some soured milk here
are all the ingredients that you'll need
to make the corn dog batter we have some
all-purpose flour
yellow cornmeal salt baking powder
baking soda and sugar and all of these
ingredients can be purchased at your
local 99-cent store for $0.99 except for
the yellow cornmeal I had purchased this
that stated brothers and I believe it
was about five dollars so let's go ahead
and place all of these ingredients into
this bowl here start out with the flour
and then the yellow cornmeal salt
baking powder baking soda and the sugar
and I'll have all the measurements for
these ingredients listed in the
description box below
add this whisk to combine everything
everything should be well incorporated
okay and then let's go ahead and set
this aside the buttermilk has been
sitting for five minutes so let's go
ahead and add the egg and we'll whisk
that now that the two have been combined
let's add the wet ingredients into the
dry pour this right in and again we're
going to whisk to combine everything
just whisk until it's smooth
what's everything is well combined set
the better aside and let it rest for 30
minutes next you'll want to take a piece
of paper towel and dry your hot dogs
it's just walks in there back on the
plate yo little fella there you go
you'll want to dry the other side as
well so flip them over it flip flip Pat
them dry back then we're going to roll
them in some cornstarch and that would
help the batter stay on the dogs and
when we find them so place a handful of
cornstarch on your cutting board or
cutting mat which is what I'm using and
I also have some skewers here you see
this is the regular length of the skewer
but I went ahead and broken off about
about two inches from the bottom to make
them a little bit shorter because if I
was to leave the skewer at its full
length I won't be able to cook my
corndog in my wok it won't fit so I went
ahead and just snapped off the bottom
two inches of the skewer and then we are
going to insert the skewer into the
center of the hotdog and it doesn't look
like this
now place the skewers into the center of
the hotdogs now I'm just gonna take one
and roll it into the cornstarch just
want to lightly coat it this is gonna
spread it out here and then shake off
any of the excess flour give it a light
coating that's all it needs
the hotdogs are nicely coated with the
cornstarch and I'm also going to heat up
the oil in my wok so I have turned the
heat to medium-high and here I have a
tall glass which has a plastic baggie in
it and we're going to pour the batter
right inside so go ahead and spoon some
of the batter right into the tall glass
and we're gonna fill it to the top
like this if you'd like to know when
your oil is ready all you have to do is
take a wooden skewer and stick it right
into the oil once you see some bubbles
form around it then it's ready to go
okay the oil should be hot let's go
ahead and take a hot dog we're gonna
dunk it into the batter slowly all the
way down so it's completely covered and
it's squeezed a little bit up from the
top that's why I have a baggy in there
so that I can quickly cover the hotdogs
with the batter it just makes it live it
easier and ask you to take it out just
kind of throw it around like that slowly
just take it out of the batter like this
there we are
beautiful let's go ahead and immediately
place it into the oil hold it for three
seconds and then let it go gently like
that and it's at the bottom of the wok
right now but you can see it's gonna
slowly float to the top and it's going
to spin itself around a little bit and
just leave it there for a little while
after that you'll want to rotate your
corndogs so that it can Brown evenly see
it's gonna spin by itself so you don't
have to do anything
it should take three the minutes
depending on your heat check on it there
okay see it's kind of round on the bun
so go ahead and turn it over so they can
brown the other side as well it's
beautiful it's a beautiful corn dog look
at that
I'm just gonna hold it here because the
bottom needs to be browned a little bit
alright see beautifully golden brown
perfect and nice and let go of it and
check on it once it's nice and golden
brown like this go ahead and remove it
from we have ourselves and gorgeous
looking for dog right here let's take it
out paste it on a paper towel to drain
and I got to them so far let's go make
some more one more time just take your
hot dog and dunk it into the batter
slowly insert it okay as far as it can
go and then take your bag and squeeze
live it on the top here completely cover
it like that all right
now remove it from the batter and
immediately place it into the oil again
hold it for three seconds one two three
and then little bit gently there we are
you can see it leaking on the bottom oil
at the seat in and now it's just floated
up to the top and just let it do its
thing for a little bit here leave it
alone just kind of turn it here what's a
while just rotate your lug check on it
see not sprouting on the bottom there
I'm gonna hold onto it this time so I
can brown on the bottom there we go
and then turn it over one more time and
let go of it there we are let's check on
it make sure that doesn't burn here okay
it's evenly Brown I'm gonna hold him
right there let him around for 30
seconds and we'll shake him out there we
go
you let me take this guy out he's all
done place it next to the other guy
check that out some beautiful corn dogs
alright so I got a few more to go I'm
gonna keep the process until they aren't
all done alright guys so here is the
finished product they are just like the
ones that you would get at the festivals
or fairs carnivals now you can make your
own homemade corn dogs you can eat it
with your favorite condiments like
mustard or ketchup thanks so much for
watching be sure to check out all my
other videos I come out with new videos
every week so be sure to subscribe i'm
yourself a fabulous day and i'll see you
later alligator bye